<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2009, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<?Pub Sty _display FontColor="red"?>
<concept id="cjavaee5" xml:lang="en-us">
<title outputclass="id_title">Developing <tm tmclass="special"
tmowner="Sun Microsystems, Inc." tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> EE
Applications</title>
<shortdesc outputclass="id_shortdesc">The <tm tmclass="special"
tmowner="Sun Microsystems, Inc." tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> EE
5 programming model simplifies the process of creating <tm
tmclass="special" tmowner="Sun Microsystems, Inc." tmtype="tm"
trademark="Java">Java</tm> applications.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>Java Enterprise Edition 5<indexterm>Overview</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody outputclass="id_conbody">
<p outputclass="anchor_topictop"></p>
<p id="aboutfacet">In the Java EE specifications, programming requirements
have been streamlined, and XML deployment descriptors are optional.
Instead, you can specify many details of assembly and deployment with
Java annotations. Java EE will provide default values in many situations
so explicitly specification of these values are not required.</p>
<p>Code validation, content assistance, Quick Fixes, and refactoring
simplify working with your code. Code validators check your projects
for errors. When an error is found, you can double-click on it in
the Problems view in the product workbench to go to the error location.
For some error types, you can use a Quick Fix to correct the error
automatically. For both <tm tmclass="special"
tmowner="Sun Microsystems, Inc." tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> source
and <tm tmclass="special" tmowner="Sun Microsystems, Inc." tmtype="tm"
trademark="Java">Java</tm> annotations, you can rely on content assistance
to simplify your programming task. When you refactor source code,
the tools automatically update the associated metadata.</p>
<p>For additional information about <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> EE,
see the official specification: <ul>
<li><b><tm tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> EE 5</b>: <xref
href="http://jcp.org/en/jsr/detail?id=244" scope="external">JSR 244: <tm
tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> Platform, Enterprise Edition
5 (<tm tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> EE 5) Specification</xref></li>
<li><b><tm tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> EE 6</b>: <xref
href="http://jcp.org/en/jsr/detail?id=316" scope="external">JSR 316:
JavaTM Platform, Enterprise Edition 6 (<tm tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> EE
6) Specification</xref></li>
</ul></p>
<p outputclass="anchor_topicbottom"></p><?Pub Caret -2?>
</conbody>
</concept>
<?Pub *0000002776?>
