<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<reference id="rjlimitcurrent" xml:lang="en-us">
<title outputclass="id_title">Limitations of J2EE development tools</title>
<shortdesc outputclass="id_shortdesc">This topic outlines current known limitations
and restrictions for J2EE tooling.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>J2EE tools<indexterm>limitations</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>limitations<indexterm>J2EE tools</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>J2EE
development<indexterm>limitations</indexterm></indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody outputclass="id_refbody">
<section outputclass="id_spacesLimitation"><p outputclass="anchor_topictop"></p><title>Spaces
not supported in JAR URIs within an enterprise application</title>Spaces are
not supported in the URI for modules or utility JAR files in an enterprise
application. The "Class-Path:" attribute of a MANIFEST.MF file in a JAR file
or module is a space-delimited list of relative paths within an enterprise
application. A JAR file would not be able to reference another JAR file in
the EAR if the URI of the referenced JAR file contained spaces.</section>
<section outputclass="id_EARDBCSLimitation"><title>Enterprise application
project names should not contain DBCS characters</title><p id="limitation_ear_dbcs">When
you create an enterprise application project, it is recommended that you do
not give it a name that contains double-byte character set (DBCS) characters.</p></section>
<section outputclass="id_utilityJARLimitation"><title><tm tmclass="special"
tmowner="Sun Microsystems, Inc." tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> build
path updates when removing the dependency on a Utility JAR file</title>When
removing the dependency on a Utility JAR, the corresponding <tm tmclass="special"
tmowner="Sun Microsystems, Inc." tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> project
will be removed from the <tm tmclass="special" tmowner="Sun Microsystems, Inc."
tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> build path only if the dependent JAR
is still referenced by the EAR project. For example, suppose you create a
J2EE 1.3 Web project and EAR along with the JUnit <tm tmclass="special" tmowner="Sun Microsystems, Inc."
tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> Example project. Next, add the JUnit
project as a Utility JAR in the EAR, then add JUnit as a <tm tmclass="special"
tmowner="Sun Microsystems, Inc." tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> JAR
Dependency of the Web project. If you then wanted to remove the dependency
between JUnit and the Web project, remove the <tm tmclass="special" tmowner="Sun Microsystems, Inc."
tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> JAR Dependency from the Web project
first, then remove the Utility JAR from the EAR. Follow this order to ensure
that this works correctly.</section>
<section outputclass="id_JARdepLimitation"><title><tm tmclass="special" tmowner="Sun Microsystems, Inc."
tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> JAR Dependencies page fails to update <tm
tmclass="special" tmowner="Sun Microsystems, Inc." tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> build
path</title>The <tm tmclass="special" tmowner="Sun Microsystems, Inc." tmtype="tm"
trademark="Java">Java</tm> JAR Dependencies page is not synchronized with
the <tm tmclass="special" tmowner="Sun Microsystems, Inc." tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> build
path page in the project properties dialog. Therefore, a change applied in
one may not be reflected in the other within the same dialog session. There
are also some instances where flipping back and forth between the pages will
cause the update from one to cancel out the update from another when the <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol> button
is clicked or if the <uicontrol>Apply</uicontrol> button is clicked prior
to the <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol> button. Typically this will appear as if
a JAR dependency was added, but the project did not get added to the <tm tmclass="special"
tmowner="Sun Microsystems, Inc." tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> build
path. The workaround is to reopen the properties dialogs, switch to the JAR
dependency page, clear and re-select the dependent JAR files, then click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</section>
<section outputclass="id_locationLimitation"><title>'Invalid project description'
error when using a non-default project location for a new J2EE project</title>When
you create a new J2EE project (including <tm tmclass="special" tmowner="Sun Microsystems, Inc."
tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm>, enterprise application, Dynamic Web,
EJB, application client, and connector projects), you cannot use a project
location that is already used by another project in the workbench. If you
choose a project location that is used by another project, the wizard displays
an "Invalid project description" error dialog or message. If after you receive
this message you then select a valid project location by clicking the Browse
button, the project creation will still not finish. The workaround is to click
Cancel and reopen the project creation wizard.</section>
<example outputclass="anchor_topicbottom"></example>
</refbody>
</reference>
