<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE reference PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Reference//EN"
 "reference.dtd">
<reference id="rvalidators" xml:lang="en-us">
<title outputclass="id_title">J2EE Validators</title>
<shortdesc outputclass="id_shortdesc">This table lists the validators that
are available for the different project types and gives a brief description
of each validator.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>validation<indexterm>J2EE validators</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>code validation<indexterm>J2EE validators</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<refbody outputclass="id_refbody">
<example outputclass="anchor_topictop"></example>
<table frame="all">
<tgroup cols="2" colsep="1" rowsep="1"><colspec colname="col1" colwidth="50*"/>
<colspec colname="col2" colwidth="50*"/>
<thead>
<row outputclass="anchor_toprow">
<entry>Validator name</entry>
<entry>Description</entry>
</row>
</thead>
<tbody>
<row outputclass="id_appclientValidator">
<entry align="left" valign="top">Application Client Validator</entry>
<entry align="left" valign="top">The Application Client Validator validates
the following Application Client project resources:   <ul>
<li>Deployment descriptor (application-client.xml)</li>
<li>EJB references</li>
<li>Resource references</li>
</ul></entry>
</row>
<row outputclass="id_connectorValidator">
<entry colname="col1">Connector Validator</entry>
<entry colname="col2">The Connector validator checks for invalid J2EE specification
levels in connector projects.</entry>
</row>
<row outputclass="id_DTDValidator">
<entry align="left" valign="top">DTD Validator</entry>
<entry align="left" valign="top">The DTD validator determines whether the
current state of a DTD is semantically valid. XML files are validated according
to the XML specification <xref format="html" href="http://www.w3.org/TR/2000/REC-xml-20001006"
scope="external"> Extensible Markup Language (XML) 1.0<desc></desc></xref> from
the W3C Web site. As well, the DTD validator checks for errors such as references
to entities and elements that do not exist.</entry>
</row>
<row outputclass="id_EARValidator">
<entry align="left" valign="top">EAR Validator</entry>
<entry align="left" valign="top">The EAR Validator validates the following:
 <ul>
<li>EAR deployment descriptor (application.xml)</li>
<li>EJB references of all module projects in the enterprise application project</li>
<li>Security roles</li>
<li>Resource references</li>
<li>Manifest files for all contained or referenced modules and utility JAR
files</li>
<li>Target server consistency between the enterprise application project and
any utility and module projects</li>
<li>Existence of projects for each module defined in enterprise application</li>
</ul>  <p>Note that the EAR Validator only ensures the validity and dependency
of the module projects with respect to the enterprise application project.</p></entry>
</row>
<row outputclass="id_EJBValidator">
<entry align="left" valign="top">EJB Validator</entry>
<entry align="left" valign="top">The EJB Validator verifies that enterprise
beans contained in an EJB project comply with the Sun Enterprise <tm tmclass="special"
tmowner="Sun Microsystems, Inc." tmtype="tm" trademark="JavaBeans">JavaBeans</tm> Specifications
(1.1, 2.0, and 2.1), depending on the level of the bean. Code validation for
the EJB 1.0 specification is not supported.   <p>Specifically, the EJB Validator
validates the following resources: </p>  <ul>
<li><tm tmclass="special" tmowner="Sun Microsystems, Inc." tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> .class
files that are members of an enterprise bean (home interface, remote interface,
enterprise bean class, and, if the bean is an entity bean, the key class)</li>
<li>ejb-jar.xml</li>
</ul></entry>
</row>
<row outputclass="id_ELValidator">
<entry colname="col1">EL Syntax Validator</entry>
<entry colname="col2"></entry>
</row>
<row outputclass="id_HTMLValidator">
<entry align="left" valign="top">HTML Syntax Validator</entry>
<entry align="left" valign="top">The HTML Syntax Validator validates HTML
basic syntax and HTML DTD compliance in the following Web project resources:
 <ul>
<li>HTML files</li>
<li>JSP files</li>
</ul></entry>
</row>
<row outputclass="id_JSPValidator">
<entry align="left" valign="top">JSP Syntax Validator</entry>
<entry align="left" valign="top">The JSP Syntax Validator validates JSP files
in a project by translating them into the corresponding <tm tmclass="special"
tmowner="Sun Microsystems, Inc." tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> code
and then checking the <tm tmclass="special" tmowner="Sun Microsystems, Inc."
tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> code for compile errors.</entry>
</row>
<row outputclass="id_WARValidator">
<entry align="left" valign="top">War Validator</entry>
<entry align="left" valign="top">The War Validator validates the following
web project resources:   <ul>
<li>Deployment descriptor (web.xml)</li>
<li>Servlets</li>
<li>Security roles</li>
<li>Servlet &amp; servlet mappings</li>
<li>EJB references</li>
</ul></entry>
</row>
<row outputclass="id_WSDLValidator">
<entry colname="col1">WSDL Validator</entry>
<entry colname="col2">The WSDL validator checks the following in WSDL files: <ul>
<li>XML syntax</li>
<li>XML Schema types in the &lt;types> section</li>
<li>Referential integrity of the various constructs in WSDL </li>
</ul>The validator also includes an extension point to allow other validators
to be plugged into the WSDL validation to provide additional verification
of the WSDL file. Through this mechanism, interoperability is checked by validating
a WSDL file against WS-I Profiles. </entry>
</row>
<row outputclass="id_WSIValidator">
<entry colname="col1">WS-I Message Validator</entry>
<entry colname="col2">WS-I Message validator checks SOAP messages against
WS-I Profiles. A user can capture and verify SOAP messages using the TCP/IP
Monitor. The validator checks a message log that is saved as a project resource
(.wsimsg). The log conforms to a format as specified by WS-I.</entry>
</row>
<row outputclass="id_XMLSchemaValidator">
<entry align="left" valign="top">XML Schema Validator</entry>
<entry align="left" valign="top">The XML schema validator determines whether
the current state of an XML schema file is semantically valid. XML schemas
are validated according to the XML Schema specification <xref format="html"
href="http://www.w3.org/TR/xmlschema-1/" scope="local"> XML Schema Part 1:
Structures<desc></desc></xref> from the W3C Web site.</entry>
</row>
<row outputclass="id_XMLValidator">
<entry align="left" valign="top">XML Validator</entry>
<entry align="left" valign="top">The XML validator ensures that an XML file
is well-formed. It also verifies if an XML file is valid - that is, it follows
the constraints established in the DTD or XML schema the XML file is associated
with.</entry>
</row>
<row outputclass="anchor_bottomrow">
<entry colname="col1"></entry>
<entry colname="col2"></entry>
</row>
</tbody>
</tgroup>
</table>
<example outputclass="anchor_topicbottom"></example>
</refbody>
</reference>
