<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2006, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<task id="creatingawebproject" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Creating Web projects</title>
<shortdesc>You can use wizards to create Web modules in your <tm
tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> EE project.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm keyref="tcreatwebmodule|1|JavaEEWebmodulecreating"
status="new">Java EE<indexterm>Web module<indexterm>creating</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<steps>
<step><cmd>In the <tm tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> EE perspective,
right-click your enterprise application project and select <menucascade>
<uicontrol>New</uicontrol><uicontrol>Dynamic Web project</uicontrol>
</menucascade>. The Dynamic Web project wizard opens.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>In the <uicontrol>Name</uicontrol> field, type a name for
the Web project. To change the default <uicontrol>Project location</uicontrol>,
click the <uicontrol>Browse</uicontrol> button to select a new location.</cmd>
<info><p>If you specify a non-default project location that is already
being used by another project, the project creation fails.</p></info>
</step>
<step><cmd>The <uicontrol>Target runtime</uicontrol> field is pre-populated
with the selection from the enterprise project.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>In the <uicontrol>Dynamic Web Module version</uicontrol> field,
accept the default value of <uicontrol>2.5</uicontrol>.</cmd></step>
<step importance="optional"><cmd>Select a pre-defined project configuration
from the <uicontrol>Configurations</uicontrol> drop-down list.</cmd>
</step>
<step importance="optional"><cmd>If you want to modify the configuration
details, click <uicontrol>modify</uicontrol>:</cmd><info></info></step><?Pub
Caret 67?>
<step importance="optional"><cmd>Select one or more project facets
from the <uicontrol>Project Facets</uicontrol> list. To specify server
runtime environments, click <uicontrol>Show Runtimes</uicontrol> and
select one or more runtimes. After making your selections, you can
save your custom configuration by clicking <uicontrol>Save</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</step>
<step importance="optional"><cmd>Select the <uicontrol>Add project
to an EAR module</uicontrol> check box to add the new module to an
enterprise module (EAR) project.</cmd><info>Type a new project name
or select an existing enterprise module project from the drop-down
list in the <uicontrol>EAR Project Name</uicontrol> combination box.
Or, click <uicontrol>New</uicontrol> to launch the New EAR module
Project wizard.</info></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>On the Dynamic Web Project page, in the <uicontrol>Context
Root:</uicontrol> field, specify a folder for your source files or
accept the default value.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>In the <uicontrol>Content Directory:</uicontrol> field,
specify a folder for your source files or accept the default value
(src/main/webapp).</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>In the <uicontrol>Java Source Directory</uicontrol> field,
specify a folder for your source files or accept the default value
(src/main/java).</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>In the <uicontrol>Output Folder:</uicontrol> field, specify
a folder for your output files or accept the default value (build/classes).</cmd>
<info></info></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol>.</cmd></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
