<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2006, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<task id="tjear" xml:lang="en-us">
<title outputclass="id_title">Creating an enterprise application project</title>
<shortdesc outputclass="id_shortdesc">Using the wizard to create an enterprise
application project allows you to package many web applications and modules
in a project and deploy these modules as a J2EE enterprise application.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>enterprise applications<indexterm>projects<indexterm>creating</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>J2EE<indexterm>enterprise application projects<indexterm>creating</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody outputclass="id_taskbody">
<context outputclass="id_context"><p outputclass="anchor_topictop"></p> <p>Enterprise
application projects contain references to the resources needed for enterprise
applications and can contain a combination of Web modules, JAR files, connector
modules, EJB modules, and application client modules. An enterprise application
project is deployed in the form of an EAR file, and is therefore sometimes
referred to as an EAR project. The modules in an enterprise application project
are mapped to other J2EE projects. The mapping information is stored in metadata
files within the enterprise application project. The metadata files are used
for exporting the project to an EAR file and for running the project on the
server.</p><p>Like the other types of projects, enterprise application projects
can contain one or more project facets, which represent units of functionality
in the project. To be deployed as an EAR file, the new project must have the
EAR facet. Depending on what you want to use the project for, you may want
to enable other facets for the project.</p><p conref="rjlimitcurrent.dita#rjlimitcurrent/limitation_ear_dbcs"></p><p>To
create a J2EE enterprise application project, complete the following steps:</p></context>
<steps outputclass="id_steps">
<step><cmd>In the <tm tmclass="special" tmowner="Sun Microsystems, Inc." tmtype="tm"
trademark="Java">Java</tm> EE perspective, click <menucascade><uicontrol>File</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>New</uicontrol><uicontrol>Project</uicontrol></menucascade>.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>In the New Project Wizard, select <menucascade><uicontrol>J2EE</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Enterprise Application Project</uicontrol></menucascade> and click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>In the <uicontrol>Project Name</uicontrol> field, type a name for
the new project. </cmd></step>
<step importance="optional"><cmd>To change the default project location, clear
the <uicontrol>Use default</uicontrol> check box under <uicontrol>Project
contents</uicontrol> and select a new location with the <uicontrol>Browse</uicontrol> button.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>In the <uicontrol>Target runtime</uicontrol> field, select the
target runtime for the project.</cmd><info>You can click the <uicontrol>New</uicontrol> button
to create a new runtime for the project to use.</info></step>
<step importance="optional"><cmd>To use a predefined configuration for your
project, select a configuration in the <uicontrol>Configuration</uicontrol> list.
You can click the <uicontrol>Modify</uicontrol> button to do the following:</cmd>
<info><ul>
<li>Customize project facets. Select the check boxes next to the facets you
want the project to have and select a version number for each facet. Select
a facet name to see more information about that facet in the <uicontrol>Details</uicontrol> tab.
You can also choose a preset combination of facets from the <uicontrol>Configurations</uicontrol> list.</li>
<li>Limit your project to be compatible with one or more runtimes. Click the <uicontrol>Show
Runtimes</uicontrol> tab and select the runtimes that you want the project
to be compatible with. </li>
</ul>Click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</info></step>
<step><cmd>On the J2EE Modules to Add to the EAR page of the wizard, select
the existing modules that you want to add to the new enterprise application
project.</cmd></step>
<step importance="optional"><cmd>To create new modules to add to the project,
click the <uicontrol>New Module</uicontrol> button to do one of the following:</cmd>
<choicetable keycol="0">
<chrow><choption>Creating one module</choption><chdesc>Clear the <uicontrol>Create
default modules</uicontrol> check box, select the type of module you want
to create, click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol> and follow the New Project wizard
for that type of project.</chdesc></chrow>
<chrow><choption>Creating two or more modules</choption><chdesc>Select the <uicontrol>Create
default modules</uicontrol> check box, select the check boxes for each type
of project you want to create, and click <uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol>.</chdesc>
</chrow>
</choicetable>
<info>You can enter a name for each module. Each of these modules will have
the default settings for that type of project and they will have the same
server target as the new enterprise application.</info></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol>.</cmd></step>
</steps>
<postreq outputclass="id_postreq"><p outputclass="anchor_topicbottom"></p></postreq>
</taskbody>
</task>
