<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2006, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<task id="tjexpear" xml:lang="en-us">
<title outputclass="id_title">Exporting an enterprise application into an
EAR file</title>
<shortdesc outputclass="id_shortdesc">Enterprise applications are deployed
in the form of an EAR file. Use the Export wizard to export an enterprise
application project into an EAR file for deployment.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>EAR<indexterm>files<indexterm>exporting</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>enterprise applications<indexterm>projects<indexterm>exporting</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody outputclass="id_taskbody">
<context outputclass="id_context"> <p outputclass="anchor_topictop"></p> <p>To
export an enterprise application project into an EAR file, complete the following
steps:</p></context>
<steps outputclass="id_steps">
<step><cmd>In the <tm tmclass="special" tmowner="Sun Microsystems, Inc." tmtype="tm"
trademark="Java">Java</tm> EE perspective, click <menucascade><uicontrol>File</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Export</uicontrol></menucascade>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Under <uicontrol>Select an export destination</uicontrol>, click <menucascade>
<uicontrol>J2EE</uicontrol><uicontrol>EAR file</uicontrol></menucascade>,
and then click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>In the <uicontrol>EAR project</uicontrol> list, select the enterprise
application project you want to export.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>In the <uicontrol>Destination</uicontrol> field, enter the full
path and EAR file name where you want to export the enterprise application
project that is selected in the <uicontrol>EAR application</uicontrol> field.</cmd>
</step>
<step importance="optional"><cmd>To export source files, select the <uicontrol>Export
source files</uicontrol> check box.</cmd></step>
<step importance="optional"><cmd>If you are exporting to an existing EAR file
and you do not want to be warned about overwriting it, select the <uicontrol>Overwrite
existing file</uicontrol> check box.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol>.</cmd></step>
</steps>
<result outputclass="id_result">The wizard exports the contents of the EAR
project to the specified EAR file. Additionally, for each project that corresponds
to a module or utility JAR in the application, the project contents are exported
into a nested module or JAR file in the EAR file. If any unsaved changes exist
on any of the files in any of the referenced projects, you are prompted to
save these files prior to export.</result>
<postreq outputclass="id_postreq"><p outputclass="anchor_topicbottom"></p></postreq>
</taskbody>
</task>
