<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<task id="tjimpear" xml:lang="en-us">
<title outputclass="id_title">Importing an enterprise application EAR file</title>
<shortdesc outputclass="id_shortdesc">Enterprise application projects are
deployed into EAR files. You can import an enterprise application project
by importing it from a deployed EAR file.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>enterprise application projects<indexterm>importing</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>EAR files<indexterm>importing</indexterm></indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody outputclass="id_taskbody">
<context outputclass="id_context"> <p outputclass="anchor_topictop">You can
also choose to import utility JAR files as utility <tm tmclass="special" tmowner="Sun Microsystems, Inc."
tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> projects. You can also use the wizard
to change the new project names for the EAR file and modules that will be
imported.</p><p>To import an EAR file using the wizard:</p></context>
<steps outputclass="id_steps">
<step><cmd>In the J2EE perspective, click <menucascade><uicontrol>File</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Import</uicontrol></menucascade>. The Import window opens.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Under <uicontrol>Select an import source</uicontrol>, click <menucascade>
<uicontrol>J2EE</uicontrol><uicontrol>EAR file</uicontrol></menucascade>.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>In the <uicontrol>EAR file</uicontrol> field, enter the location
and name of the application client JAR file that you want to import. </cmd>
<info>You can click the <uicontrol>Browse</uicontrol> button to select the
JAR file from the file system.</info></step>
<step><cmd>In the <uicontrol>EAR project</uicontrol> field, accept the default
project name or type a new project name. </cmd></step>
<step><cmd>In the <uicontrol>Target runtime</uicontrol> drop-down list, select
the application server that you want to target for your development. </cmd>
<info>This selection affects the run time settings by modifying the class
path entries for the project.</info></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>, and complete the following steps:</cmd>
<substeps>
<substep><cmd>On the Enterprise Application Import page, select any utility
JAR files from the project that you want to import as utility projects.</cmd>
</substep>
<substep><cmd>In the <uicontrol>Module Root Location field</uicontrol>, specify
the root directory for all of the projects that will be imported or created
during import.</cmd></substep>
</substeps>
</step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>On the EAR Module and Utility JAR Projects page of the wizard,
select the projects that you want to import with the EAR file. Also, you can
edit the new project name for each module and utility project to be imported.</cmd>
<info><note type="tip">The selection buttons on this page can help you select
the projects to import when you are importing for partial EAR development.
For example, if you are importing to a workspace where some projects are attached
to a repository and other projects are in binary form, these buttons help
you make the proper selections for which projects to import:<ul>
<li><uicontrol>Select New</uicontrol>: Selects the projects that are currently
not in your workspace.</li>
<li><uicontrol>Select All</uicontrol>: Selects all projects for import.</li>
<li><uicontrol>Deselect All</uicontrol>: Clears all module and utility projects
for import.</li>
</ul></note></info></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol> to import the contents of the
EAR file.</cmd></step>
</steps>
<postreq outputclass="id_postreq"><p outputclass="anchor_topicbottom"></p></postreq>
</taskbody>
</task>
