<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<task id="tjimprar" xml:lang="en-us">
<title outputclass="id_title">Importing a connector project RAR file</title>
<shortdesc outputclass="id_shortdesc">Connector projects are deployed into
RAR files. You can import a connector project by importing a deployed RAR
file.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>connector projects<indexterm>importing</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>RAR files<indexterm>importing</indexterm></indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody outputclass="id_taskbody">
<context outputclass="id_context"><p outputclass="anchor_topictop">To import
a connector project RAR file using the wizard:</p></context>
<steps outputclass="id_steps">
<step><cmd>In the J2EE perspective, click <menucascade><uicontrol>File</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Import</uicontrol></menucascade>. The Import window opens.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Under <uicontrol>Select an import source</uicontrol>, click <menucascade>
<uicontrol>J2EE</uicontrol><uicontrol>RAR file</uicontrol></menucascade>.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>In the <uicontrol>Connector file</uicontrol> field, enter the full
path and name of the connector RAR file that you want to import. </cmd><info>Click
the <uicontrol>Browse</uicontrol> button to select the RAR file from the file
system.</info></step>
<step><cmd>In the <uicontrol>Connector module</uicontrol> combination box,
type a new project name or select a connector project from the drop-down list. </cmd>
<info>If you type a new project name in this field, the connector project
will be created based on the version of the connector RAR file, and it will
use the default location.</info></step>
<step><cmd>In the <uicontrol>Target runtime</uicontrol> drop-down list, select
the application server that you want to target for your development. </cmd>
<info>This selection affects the run-time settings by modifying the class
path entries for the project.</info></step>
<step><cmd>If you want to add the new module to an enterprise application
project, select the <uicontrol>Add project to an EAR</uicontrol> check box
and then select an existing enterprise application  project from the list
or create a new one by clicking <uicontrol>New</uicontrol>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>In the <uicontrol>EAR application</uicontrol> combination box,
type a new project name or select an existing enterprise application project
from the drop-down list. Or, click the <uicontrol>New</uicontrol> button to
launch the New Enterprise Application Project wizard.</cmd><info><note>If
you type a new enterprise application  project name, the enterprise application
 project will be created in the default location with the lowest compatible
J2EE version based on the version of the project being created. If you want
to specify a different version or a different location for the enterprise
application, you must use the New Enterprise Application Project wizard.</note></info>
</step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol> to import the connector RAR
file.</cmd></step>
</steps>
<postreq outputclass="id_postreq"><p outputclass="anchor_topicbottom"></p></postreq>
</taskbody>
</task>
