<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2006, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<task id="tjrar" xml:lang="en-us">
<title outputclass="id_title">Creating a connector project</title>
<shortdesc outputclass="id_shortdesc">A connector is a J2EE standard extension
mechanism for containers to provide connectivity to enterprise information
systems (EISs).</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>connector projects<indexterm>creating</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody outputclass="id_taskbody">
<context outputclass="id_context"> <p outputclass="anchor_topictop"></p> <p>A
connector is specific to an EIS and consists of a resource adapter and application
development tools. A resource adapter is a system-level software driver that
is used by an EJB container or an application client to connect to an EIS.
Connectors comply with the J2EE Connector architecture (JCA).</p><p>Like the
other types of projects, connector projects can contain one or more project
facets, which represent units of functionality in the project. A new connector
project should have the J2C Module facet. Depending on what you want to use
the project for, you may want to enable other facets for the project.</p><note
type="restriction">J2EE 1.2 specification level does not include connector
capability.</note><p>To create a new connector project, complete the following
steps:</p></context>
<steps outputclass="id_steps">
<step><cmd>In the <tm tmclass="special" tmowner="Sun Microsystems, Inc." tmtype="tm"
trademark="Java">Java</tm> EE perspective, click <menucascade><uicontrol>File</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>New</uicontrol><uicontrol>Project</uicontrol></menucascade>.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>In the New Project Wizard, select <menucascade><uicontrol>J2EE</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Connector Project</uicontrol></menucascade> and click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>In the <uicontrol>Project Name</uicontrol> field, type a name for
the connector project. </cmd></step>
<step importance="optional"><cmd>To change the default project location, clear
the <uicontrol>Use default</uicontrol> check box under <uicontrol>Project
contents</uicontrol> and select a new location with the <uicontrol>Browse</uicontrol> button.</cmd>
<info>If you specify a non-default project location that is already being
used by another project, the project creation will fail.<note>If you type
a new EAR project name, the EAR project will be created in the default location
with the lowest compatible J2EE version based on the version of the project
being created. If you want to specify a different version or a different location
for the enterprise application, you must use the New Enterprise Application
Project wizard.</note></info></step>
<step importance="optional"><cmd>If you want to add the new project to an
enterprise application project, select the <uicontrol>Add project to an EAR</uicontrol> check
box and select a project in the <uicontrol>EAR Project Name</uicontrol> list.</cmd>
<info>If you choose to add the project to an existing EAR project, the <uicontrol>Target
runtime</uicontrol> field becomes disabled because the target runtime for
the new project will be the same as that of the EAR project.</info></step>
<step><cmd>In the <uicontrol>Target runtime</uicontrol> field, select the
target runtime for the project.</cmd></step>
<step importance="optional"><cmd>To use a predefined configuration for your
project, select a configuration in the <uicontrol>Configuration</uicontrol> list.
You can click the <uicontrol>Modify</uicontrol> button to do the following:</cmd>
<info><ul>
<li>Customize project facets. Select the check boxes next to the facets you
want the project to have and select a version number for each facet. Select
a facet name to see more information about that facet in the <uicontrol>Details</uicontrol> tab.
You can also choose a preset combination of facets from the <uicontrol>Configurations</uicontrol> list.</li>
<li>Limit your project to be compatible with one or more runtimes. Click the <uicontrol>Show
Runtimes</uicontrol> tab and select the runtimes that you want the project
to be compatible with. </li>
</ul>Click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</info></step>
<step><cmd>In the <uicontrol>Source Folder</uicontrol> field, enter the name
of the folder to use for source code.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol>.</cmd></step>
</steps>
<postreq outputclass="id_postreq"><p outputclass="anchor_topicbottom"></p></postreq>
</taskbody>
</task>
