<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<task id="tjvalmanual" xml:lang="en-us">
<title outputclass="id_title">Manually validating code</title>
<shortdesc outputclass="id_shortdesc">When you run a manual validation, all
resources in the selected project are validated according to the validation
settings.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>validation<indexterm>manual</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>code
validation<indexterm>manual</indexterm></indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody outputclass="id_taskbody">
<context outputclass="id_context"><p outputclass="anchor_topictop">The validators used depend on the
global and project validation settings. When you validate a project manually,
the global settings are used unless both of the following are true:<ul>
<li>The <uicontrol>Allow projects to override these preference settings</uicontrol> check
box is selected on the global validation preferences page.</li>
<li>The <uicontrol>Override validation preferences</uicontrol> check box is
selected on the project's validation preferences page.</li>
</ul></p><p>Whether the workbench uses the global or project validation preferences,
only the validators selected to run on manual validation are used when you
run a manual validation.</p><p>To manually invoke an immediate code validation:</p></context>
<steps outputclass="id_steps">
<step><cmd>Select the project that you want to validate.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Right-click the project and then click <uicontrol>Run Validation</uicontrol>.</cmd>
<info>If this option is not available, validation is disabled or there are
no validators enabled for the project. To enable validation at the global
level, see <xref href="tjval.dita"></xref>. To enable validators for this
project, see <xref href="tjvalglobalpref.dita"></xref>.</info></step>
</steps>
<result outputclass="id_result">The workbench validates the project using
the enabled validators. Any errors found by the validators are listed in the
Problems view.</result>
<postreq outputclass="id_postreq"><p outputclass="anchor_topicbottom"></p></postreq>
</taskbody>
</task>
