<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2006, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<task id="tjval" xml:lang="en-us">
<title outputclass="id_title">Validating code in enterprise applications</title>
<shortdesc outputclass="id_shortdesc">The workbench includes validators that
check certain files in your enterprise application module projects for errors.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>build validation<indexterm>enabling</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>code validation<indexterm>overview</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>validation<indexterm>overview</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody outputclass="id_taskbody">
<context outputclass="id_context"> <p outputclass="anchor_topictop"></p> <p>By
default, the workbench validates your files automatically after any build,
including automatic builds. You can also begin the validation process manually
without building.</p><p>On the workbench Preferences window, you can enable
or disable validators to be used on your projects. Also, you can enable or
disable validators for each enterprise application module project individually
on the Properties page for that project.</p><p>Each validator can apply to
certain types of files, certain project natures, and certain project facets.
When a validator applies to a project facet or nature, the workbench uses
that validator only on projects that have that facet or nature. Likewise,
most validators apply only to certain types of files, so the workbench uses
those validators only on those types of files.</p><p>To validate your files,
complete the following steps:</p></context>
<steps outputclass="id_steps">
<step><cmd>Click <menucascade><uicontrol>Window</uicontrol><uicontrol>Preferences</uicontrol>
</menucascade> and select <uicontrol>Validation</uicontrol> in the left pane.</cmd>
<stepresult>The Validation page of the Preferences window lists the validators
available in your project and their settings.</stepresult></step>
<step importance="optional"><cmd>Review the check box options available near
the top of the window to customize your validation settings:</cmd>
<choicetable>
<chhead><choptionhd>Option</choptionhd><chdeschd>Description</chdeschd></chhead>
<chrow><choption>Allow projects to override these preference settings</choption>
<chdesc>Select to set individual validation settings for one or more of your
projects.</chdesc></chrow>
<chrow><choption>Suspend all validators</choption><chdesc>Select to prevent
validation at the global level.</chdesc></chrow>
<chrow><choption>Save all modified resources automatically prior to validating</choption>
<chdesc>Select to save resources you have modified before the validation begins.</chdesc>
</chrow><chrow><choption>Show a confirmation dialog when performing manual validation</choption>
<chdesc>Select to show an informational dialog after a manual validation request has completed.</chdesc>
</chrow>
</choicetable>
</step>
<step><cmd>In the list of validators, select the check boxes next to each
validator you want to use at the global level.</cmd><info>Each validator has
a check box to specify whether it is used on manual validation and/or on build
validation.</info></step>
<step><cmd>Tune a validator by clicking
the button in the <uicontrol>Settings</uicontrol> column.</cmd>
<info>Not all validators have additional settings.</info></step>
<step><cmd>Begin the validation process by one of the following methods:</cmd>
<choices>
<choice>Right-click a project and click <uicontrol>Validate</uicontrol>.</choice>
<choice>Start a build.</choice>
</choices>
</step>
</steps>
<result outputclass="id_result">Any err<?Pub Caret?>ors found by the validators
are listed in the Problems view.<p>If you want to set individual validation
settings for one or more of your projects, see <xref href="tjvalglobalpref.dita"></xref> for
more information.</p></result>
<postreq outputclass="id_postreq"><p outputclass="anchor_topicbottom"></p></postreq>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000003949?>
