<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2006, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<task id="tjvaldisable" xml:lang="en-us">
<title outputclass="id_title">Disabling validation</title>
<shortdesc outputclass="id_shortdesc">You can disable one or more validators
individually or disable validation entirely. Also, you can set validation
settings for your entire workspace and for individual projects.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>validation<indexterm>disabling</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>code validation<indexterm>disabling</indexterm></indexterm></keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody outputclass="id_taskbody">
<context outputclass="id_context"><p outputclass="anchor_topictop"></p><p>To
disable validators in your project or workspace, complete the following steps:</p></context>
<steps outputclass="id_steps">
<step><cmd>Click <menucascade><uicontrol>Window</uicontrol><uicontrol>Preferences</uicontrol>
</menucascade> and select <uicontrol>Validation</uicontrol> in the left pane.</cmd>
<stepresult>The Validation page of the Preferences window lists the validators
available in your project and their settings.</stepresult></step>
<step><cmd>To disable individual validators, clear the check boxes next to
each validator that you want to disable.</cmd><info>Each validator has a check
box to specify whether it is enabled for manual validation or on a build.</info>
</step>
<step importance="optional"><cmd><?Pub Caret1?>You can also change the following
check box options on this page:</cmd>
<choicetable>
<chhead><choptionhd>Option</choptionhd><chdeschd>Description</chdeschd></chhead>
<chrow><choption>Allow projects to override these preference settings</choption>
<chdesc>Select to set individual validation settings for one or more of your
projects.</chdesc></chrow>
<chrow><choption>Suspend all validators</choption><chdesc>Select to prevent
validation at the global level. If you select this check box, you can still
enable validation at the project level.</chdesc></chrow>
</choicetable>
</step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</cmd></step>
</steps>
<result>If you want to set individual validation settings for one or more
of your projects, see <xref href="tjvalglobalpref.dita"></xref></result>
<postreq outputclass="id_postreq"><p outputclass="anchor_topicbottom"></p></postreq>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000002445?>
