<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<task id="tjvalglobalpref" xml:lang="en-us">
<title outputclass="id_title">Overriding global validation preferences</title>
<shortdesc outputclass="id_shortdesc">For a given project, you can override
the global validation preferences.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>validation<indexterm>overriding global preferences</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>code validation<indexterm>overriding global preferences</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody outputclass="id_taskbody">
<context outputclass="id_context"> <p outputclass="anchor_topictop">The default validation preferences
are specified globally on the Validation page of the Preferences dialog. To
allow projects to override these default validation preferences:</p></context>
<steps outputclass="id_steps">
<step><cmd>Click <menucascade><uicontrol>Window</uicontrol><uicontrol>Preferences</uicontrol>
</menucascade>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>In the Preferences window, click <uicontrol>Validation</uicontrol> in
the left pane.</cmd><stepresult>The Validation page of the Preferences window
lists the validators available in your project and their settings.</stepresult>
</step>
<step><cmd>Select the <uicontrol>Allow projects to override these preference
settings</uicontrol> check box.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</cmd><stepresult>Now individual
projects can override the global preferences.</stepresult></step>
<step><cmd>Right-click a project and then click <uicontrol>Properties</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>In the left pane of the Properties window, click <uicontrol>Validation</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Select the <uicontrol>Override validation preferences</uicontrol> check
box.</cmd><info>This check box is available only if you checked the <uicontrol>Allow
projects to override these preference settings</uicontrol> check box on the
workbench validation preferences page.</info></step>
<step><cmd>To prevent validation for this project, select the <uicontrol>Suspend
all validators</uicontrol> check box.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>In the list of validators, select the check boxes next to each
validator you want to use.</cmd><info>Each validator has a check box to specify
whether it is used on manual validation or on a build.</info></step>
<step><cmd>Choose an alternate implementation for a validator by clicking
the button in the <uicontrol>Settings</uicontrol> column.</cmd><info>Not all
validators have alternate implementations.</info></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</cmd></step>
</steps>
<postreq outputclass="id_postreq"><p outputclass="anchor_topicbottom"></p></postreq>
</taskbody>
</task>
