<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2006, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<task id="tjvalselect" xml:lang="en-us">
<title outputclass="id_title">Selecting code validators</title>
<shortdesc outputclass="id_shortdesc">You can select specific validators to
run during manual and build code validation. You can set each validator to
run on manual validation, build validation, both, or neither. </shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>validation<indexterm>selecting validators</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>code validation<indexterm>selecting validators</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody outputclass="id_taskbody">
<context outputclass="id_context"><p outputclass="anchor_topictop"></p><p>To
choose the validators that you want to use for a project, complete the following
steps:</p></context>
<steps outputclass="id_steps">
<step><cmd>Click <menucascade><uicontrol>Window</uicontrol><uicontrol>Preferences</uicontrol>
</menucascade> and select <uicontrol>Validation</uicontrol> in the left pane.</cmd>
<stepresult>The Validation page of the Preferences window lists the validators
available in your project and their settings.</stepresult></step>
<step><cmd>Clear the <uicontrol>Suspend all validators</uicontrol> check box.</cmd>
</step>
<step importance="optional"><cmd><?Pub Caret1?>If you want to set individual
validation settings for one or more of your projects, select the <uicontrol>Allow
projects to override these preference settings</uicontrol> check box.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>In the list of validators, select the check boxes next to each
validator you want to use at the global level.</cmd><info>Each validator has
a check box to specify whether it is used on manual validation or on a build.<note>If
you deselect any validator that is currently selected, any messages associated
with the deselected validator will be removed from the task list.</note></info>
</step>
<step><cmd>Choose an alternate implementation for a validator by clicking
the button in the <uicontrol>Settings</uicontrol> column, then click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</cmd>
<info>Not all validators have alternate implementations.</info></step>
</steps>
<result>If you want to set individual validation settings for one or more
of your projects, see <xref href="tjvalglobalpref.dita"></xref>. Like the
global validation preferences, you can set validators at the project level
to run on manual validation, build validation, both, or neither.</result>
<postreq outputclass="id_postreq"><p outputclass="anchor_topicbottom"></p></postreq>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000002685?>
