<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2006, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<task id="cjviewfiltersCait" xml:lang="en-us">
<title id="id_title">Filtering in the Project Explorer view</title>
<shortdesc outputclass="id_shortdesc">You can filter the Project Explorer
view to hide projects, folders, or files that you do not want to see.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>filters<indexterm>Project Explorer view</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>views<indexterm>Project Explorer filters</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody outputclass="id_taskbody">
<context outputclass="id_context"><p outputclass="anchor_topictop"></p><p>To
enable or disable filters, complete the following steps</p></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>Open the Select Common Navigator Filters window by selecting <uicontrol>Customize
View...</uicontrol> from the drop-down menu at the top right corner of the
view. </cmd></step>
<step><cmd>On the <uicontrol>Filters</uicontrol> tab, select the check boxes
next to the filters you want to enable.</cmd><info> For example, when the <uicontrol>Closed
projects</uicontrol> filter is enabled, closed projects are not shown in the
Project Explorer view. Other filters can hide empty packages, non-java files,
and files with names ending in ".class".</info></step>
<step><cmd>On the <uicontrol>Content</uicontrol> tab, the filters work in
the opposite way: the selected check boxes describe the projects, folders,
and files that are shown in the Project Explorer view. Select the check boxes
next to the filters you want to hide.</cmd><info>For example, if you clear
the check box next to <uicontrol>J2EE EJB Deployment Descriptors</uicontrol>,
the deployment descriptors are hidden from each project in the view.</info>
</step>
</steps>
<postreq outputclass="id_postreq"><p outputclass="anchor_topicbottom"></p></postreq>
</taskbody>
</task>
