<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2006, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN"
 "concept.dtd">
<concept id="ceover" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>EJB 2.x application development</title>
<shortdesc>The workbench provides a specialized environment that you can use
to develop and test enterprise beans that conform to the distributed component
architecture defined in the Sun Microsystems Enterprise <tm tmclass="special"
tmowner="Sun Microsystems, Inc." tmtype="tm" trademark="JavaBeans">JavaBeans</tm> (EJB)
version specification. This product supports the Enterprise <tm tmclass="special"
tmowner="Sun Microsystems, Inc." tmtype="tm" trademark="JavaBeans">JavaBeans</tm> 1.1,
2.0, 2.1, and 3.0 specification levels.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>applications<indexterm>EJB development</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>EJB<indexterm>developing<indexterm>applications</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<conbody>
<p>The complete Enterprise <tm tmclass="special" tmowner="Sun Microsystems, Inc."
tmtype="tm" trademark="JavaBeans">JavaBeans</tm> specifications and descriptions
of the technology are available from the <xref format="html" href="http://java.sun.com/products/ejb/docs.html#specs"
scope="external">java.sun.com<desc></desc></xref> Web site.</p>
<p>If you are not familiar with enterprise beans or related EJB technology,
see <xref href="cearch.dita#cearch" type="concept"></xref> for a brief description
of key EJB concepts.</p>
<p>The EJB development environment includes the following tools:</p>
<dl><dlentry>
<dt><b>The <tm tmclass="special" tmowner="Sun Microsystems, Inc." tmtype="tm"
trademark="Java">Java</tm> EE perspective</b></dt>
<dd>All of the EJB tools are accessible from the <tm tmclass="special" tmowner="Sun Microsystems, Inc."
tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> EE perspective. This perspective provides
a layout in which the most commonly used actions, views, and wizards for <tm
tmclass="special" tmowner="Sun Microsystems, Inc." tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> EE
and EJB development are easily accessible</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><b>Creating enterprise beans</b></dt>
<dd>The EJB tools help you create enterprise beans, such as session beans
or message-driven beans. You can accomplish the following complementary enterprise
bean development activities:<ul>
<li>Writing and editing business logic.</li>
<li>Importing or exporting enterprise beans.</li>
<li>Maintaining enterprise bean source code and generated code using build
in <tm tmclass="special" tmowner="Sun Microsystems, Inc." tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> development
tools, and team and version control capabilities of the workbench.</li>
</ul> </dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><b>Validating enterprise bean code</b></dt>
<dd>The EJB tools automatically validate that your enterprise bean code is
consistent and that it conforms to the rules defined by the Enterprise <tm
tmclass="special" tmowner="Sun Microsystems, Inc." tmtype="tm" trademark="JavaBeans">JavaBeans</tm> specifications.
Code verification occurs whenever an enterprise bean or its properties are
changed. Errors and warnings are displayed in the Problems view of the workbench.
Files with errors also display error icons. </dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><b>Importing existing EJB JAR files</b></dt>
<dd>EJB Tools allow beans and other metadata from an EJB JAR file to be imported
into a new or existing EJB project.</dd>
</dlentry><dlentry>
<dt><b>Exporting existing EJB projects into JAR files</b></dt>
<dd>EJB tools can export your EJB project so that it may be deployed to an
application server.</dd>
</dlentry></dl>
</conbody>
</concept>
