<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2006, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<task id="tcreatingsessionbean" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Creating a message-driven bean using the wizard</title>
<shortdesc>You can use the <uicontrol>Create Message-Driven Bean</uicontrol> wizard
to create a message-driven bean in your EJB project.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>EJB 3.0<indexterm>message-driven bean<indexterm>creating</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>Message-driven bean<indexterm>EJB 3.0<indexterm>creating</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<context><p>The main difference between a message-driven bean and a session
bean is that a message-driven bean has no local or remote interface. Instead,
it has only a bean class. To create a message-driven bean within your EJB
project, follow these steps:</p></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>In the <tm tmclass="special" tmowner="Sun Microsystems, Inc." tmtype="tm"
trademark="Java">Java</tm> EE perspective, right-click your EJB Project, and
select <menucascade><uicontrol>File</uicontrol><uicontrol>New</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>Message-Driven Bean</uicontrol></menucascade>. The Create Message-Driven
wizard appears.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>In the <uicontrol>Project</uicontrol> field, ensure that your EJB
Project name appears.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>In the <uicontrol>Folder</uicontrol> field, select the source folder
for the new bean.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>In the <uicontrol>Java package</uicontrol> field, type the package
name for the new bean.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>In the <b>Class name</b> field, type the name that you want to
assign to the session bean. By convention, bean names should begin with an
uppercase letter.</cmd><info><note>You can use Unicode characters for the
bean name, but Unicode characters are not supported for enterprise bean packages
and classes associated with enterprise beans.</note></info></step>
<step><cmd>In the <b>Superclass</b> field, <uicontrol>Browse</uicontrol> to
find a Superclass to add to your Session bean.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>In the <uicontrol>Destination Name</uicontrol> field, type the
name of your message destination.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>In the <uicontrol>JMS</uicontrol> field, Select JMS if you want
to use Java Messaging Service, and in the <uicontrol>Destination Type</uicontrol> field,
select the type of destination.</cmd><info><ul>
<li>Queue</li>
<li>Topic</li>
</ul></info></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>On the Message-Driven Bean information page, you may change the
values of some of the Session bean elements: </cmd><info><ul>
<li><i>Optional</i>: In the <uicontrol>EJB Name</uicontrol> field, you can
change the value of your EJB name that you assigned in the previous page.</li>
<li><i>Optional</i>: In the <uicontrol>Transaction Type</uicontrol> field,
select the type of Session bean you want to create (Container or Bean).</li>
<li><i>Optional</i>: In the <uicontrol>Interfaces</uicontrol> field, you can
add or remove Business Interfaces that you created in the previous wizard
page.</li>
<li><i>Optional</i>: In the <uicontrol>Which method stubs would you like to
create?</uicontrol> field, you can create one or both of these methods: <ul>
<li>Inherited abstract methods</li>
<li>Constructors from superclass</li>
</ul></li>
</ul></info></step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>In the <tm tmclass="special" tmowner="Sun Microsystems, Inc." tmtype="tm"
trademark="Java">Java</tm> class editor, your new Message-driven bean appears,
with the @MessageDriven annotation and the required import statements.</cmd>
<info></info></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
