<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2006, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<task id="tecrtpro" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Creating EJB projects</title>
<shortdesc>An EJB project is used to organize the resources contained in an
EJB module.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>EJB<indexterm>projects<indexterm>creating</indexterm></indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<context><p>An EJB module is used to assemble one or more enterprise beans
into a single deployable unit. It is deployed in a standard <tm tmclass="special"
tmowner="Sun Microsystems, Inc." tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> archive
(JAR) file. An EJB module can be used as a standalone application, or it can
be combined with other modules to create a Java EE enterprise application.
An EJB module is installed and run in an enterprise bean container. An EJB
project must be referenced by an enterprise application project (defined as
a module in an EAR) in order to be deployed successfully and run on a server.</p><p>An
EJB module contains the following:</p><ul>
<li>One or more deployable enterprise beans.</li>
<li>A deployment descriptor, stored in an Extensible Markup Language (XML)
file. This file declares the contents of the module, defines the structure
and external dependencies of the beans in the module, and describes how the
enterprise beans are to be used at run time.</li>
</ul><p>To create a new EJB project, complete the following steps:</p></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>In the <tm tmclass="special" tmowner="Sun Microsystems, Inc." tmtype="tm"
trademark="Java">Java</tm> EE perspective, select <menucascade><uicontrol>File</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>New</uicontrol><uicontrol>Other</uicontrol></menucascade>.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>In the New Project Wizard, select <menucascade><uicontrol>EJB</uicontrol>
<uicontrol>EJB Project</uicontrol></menucascade> and click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>In the <uicontrol>Project Name</uicontrol> field, type a name for
the EJB project.</cmd></step>
<step importance="optional"><cmd>To use a different workspace directory for
your EJB project, modify the settings for <uicontrol>Project contents.</uicontrol> </cmd>
<info><note type="note">If you specify a non-default project location that
is already being used by another project, the project creation will fail.</note></info>
</step>
<step><cmd>In the <uicontrol>Target runtime</uicontrol> drop-down list, select
the application server that you want to target for your development. This
selection affects the compilation and runtime settings by modifying the class
path entries for the project. Use the <uicontrol>New</uicontrol> button if
a target runtime does not exist, or if you want to use a different one.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>In the <uicontrol>EJB Module version</uicontrol> field, select
the correct version level for the project.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Select a pre-defined project configuration from the <uicontrol>Configurations</uicontrol> drop-down
list, or modify the configuration to customize the project facets. You can
select the Java version, support for XDoclet, and support for Java persistence
when customizing your configuration.</cmd><info><p>For example, if you are
creating an Entity Bean, select the <uicontrol>Java Persistence</uicontrol> facet.
You can save your configuration with a meaningful name so that you can reference
this configuration in any EJB projects that are subsequently created.</p></info>
</step>
<step importance="optional"><cmd>Select the <uicontrol>Add project to an EAR </uicontrol> check
box to add the new module to an enterprise application (EAR) project.</cmd>
<info>Type a new project name or select an existing enterprise application
project from the drop-down list in the <uicontrol>EAR Project</uicontrol> combination
box. Or, click the <uicontrol>New</uicontrol> button to launch the New Enterprise
Application Project wizard. Click <uicontrol>Next</uicontrol>.<note>If you
type a new EAR project name, the EAR project will be created in the default
location with the lowest compatible Java EE version based on the version of
the project being created. If you want to specify a different version or a
different location for the enterprise application, click <uicontrol>New</uicontrol> to
use the New Enterprise Application Project wizard.</note></info></step>
<step importance="optional"><cmd>Change the value of <uicontrol>Source Folder</uicontrol> to
change the directory where the <tm tmclass="special" tmowner="Sun Microsystems, Inc."
tmtype="tm" trademark="Java">Java</tm> source files are stored. </cmd></step>
<step importance="optional"><cmd>Select the <uicontrol>Create an EJB Client
JAR Project to hold the client interfaces and classes</uicontrol> check box
if you want the client interface classes for your enterprise beans to be kept
in a separate EJB client JAR file. This EJB client JAR file will be added
to the enterprise application as a project utility JAR file. You can also
modify the <uicontrol>Name</uicontrol> of the EJB Client JAR project, or the
name (<uicontrol>Client JAR URI</uicontrol>) of the client JAR file. </cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Click <uicontrol>Finish</uicontrol>.</cmd></step>
</steps>
<postreq outputclass="id_postreq"><note>The New Project Wizard will automatically
add default facets to your project. You can change these facets or add new
ones in the <uicontrol>Preferences</uicontrol> window. For more information,
see <xref href="../../org.eclipse.jst.j2ee.doc.user/topics/taddingfacet.dita"
scope="peer">Adding a facet to a Java EE project</xref>.</note><p outputclass="anchor_topicbottom"></p></postreq>
</taskbody>
</task>
