<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2006, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN"
 "task.dtd">
<task id="tecrte" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Creating enterprise beans with XDoclet annotation support</title>
<shortdesc>You can use a wizard to create session beans and message-driven
beans that support XDoclet annotation.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>EJB<indexterm>XDoclet annotation support</indexterm></indexterm>
<indexterm>XDoclet annotation support<indexterm>EJBs</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<prereq><p>Before you can create an enterprise bean, you must:</p><ul>
<li>Define an EJB project to contain the enterprise bean. See <xref href="tecrtpro.dita"></xref>.</li>
<li>Install XDoclet annotation support and enable it. See <xref href="txdocletconf.dita"></xref>.</li>
</ul></prereq>
<context> <p> After you create an EJB project, you can add enterprise beans
to the EJB project in one of the following ways: </p><ul>
<li>Create new enterprise beans.</li>
<li>Import enterprise beans from EJB JAR files.</li>
</ul><p>A wizard helps you to create enterprise beans. You can use the Enterprise
Bean Creation wizard to generate an enterprise bean while avoiding the complexities
that exist between the different types of beans. The wizard helps you add
enterprise beans to you project by creating entirely new enterprise beans.</p><p>With
the wizard, you can create three types of enterprise beans: session beans
and message-driven beans (EJB 2.0 or later projects only): </p><ul>
<li>Create a session bean. For more information, see <xref href="tesessb.dita"></xref>.</li>
<li>Create a CMP entity bean. For more information, see <xref href="teentityb.dita"></xref>.</li>
<li>Create a message-driven bean. For more information, see <xref href="temessb.dita"></xref>.</li>
</ul></context>
</taskbody>
</task>
