<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--Arbortext, Inc., 1988-2005, v.4002-->
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<?Pub Inc?>
<task id="temessb" xml:lang="en-us">
<title>Creating container-managed persistence (CMP) entity beans with XDoclet
annotation support</title>
<shortdesc>You can use a wizard to create a CMP entity bean and add it to
your project.</shortdesc>
<prolog><metadata>
<keywords><indexterm>container-managed persistence entity beans<indexterm>creating
with XDoclet annotation support</indexterm></indexterm><indexterm>XDoclet
annotation support<indexterm>creating entity beans</indexterm></indexterm>
</keywords>
</metadata></prolog>
<taskbody>
<prereq><p>Before you can create an enterprise bean, you must:</p><ul>
<li>Define an EJB project to contain the enterprise bean. See <xref href="tecrtpro.dita"></xref>.</li>
<li>Install XDoclet annotation support and enable it. See <xref href="txdocletconf.dita"></xref>.</li>
</ul></prereq>
<context><p>To create a CMP entity bean:</p></context>
<steps>
<step><cmd>In the J2EE perspective, click <b>File > New > Other > EJB > XDoclet
Enterprise JavaBean</b>. The Create an Enterprise JavaBean wizard appears.</cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>Select <b>ContainerManagedEntityBean</b>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Click <b>Next</b>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Select the <b>Project</b> that will contain the new bean. </cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>In the <b>Folder</b> field, select the folder for the new bean. </cmd>
</step>
<step><cmd>In the <b>Java package</b> field, enter the package name for the
new bean. </cmd></step>
<step><cmd>In the <b>Class name</b> field, type a name for the enterprise
bean. By convention, bean names should begin with an uppercase letter. </cmd>
<info><note>You can use Unicode characters for the bean name, but Unicode
characters are not supported for enterprise bean packages and classes associated
with enterprise beans.</note></info></step>
<step><cmd>Change the <b>Superclass</b> for the bean if you want it to inherit
from a class other than <codeph>java.lang.Object</codeph> .</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Click <b>Next</b>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Provide an <b>EJB Name</b> for the bean. This is the name of the
enterprise bean class. </cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Provide a <b>Schema</b> name to specify the abstract schema of
the bean.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Provide a <b>Display Name</b> for the bean. This is a short name
for the enterprise bean that is used by tools.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Provide a text <b>Description</b> for the bean.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Select a <b>CMP Version</b> for the new bean:</cmd>
<choices>
<choice><b>1.x</b> specifies you are adding the bean to an EJB 1.0 or later
project.</choice>
<choice><b>2.x</b> specifies you are adding the bean to an EJB 2.0 or later
project.</choice>
</choices>
</step>
<step><cmd>Select a <b>Usecase</b> for the new bean:</cmd>
<choices>
<choice><b>Import attributes from table</b> specifies that the CMP entity
bean attributes will be imported from a database table. Click <b>Next</b>.<ol>
<li>Perform one of the following:<ul>
<li>To select an available connection definition, click a connection in the <b>Available
Connection Definitions</b> list. Click <b>Next</b>.</li>
<li>To create a new JDBC connection definition, click <b>New</b>. In the <b>Connection
Parameters</b> window, specify the required JDBC connection parameters on
the Connection parameters page of the New Connection wizard. Select a database
manager, a JDBC driver, and specify other connection details. To specify JDBC
connection filters, clear the <b>Disable filter</b> check box and specify
appropriate connection filters. Click <b>Finish</b>.</li>
</ul></li>
</ol></choice>
<choice><b>Define new attributes</b> specifies that the CMP entity bean attributes
will be user-defined. Click <b>Next</b>.<ol>
<li>To create a CMP attribute for the entity bean, click <b>Add</b>.</li>
<li>To specify a name for the attribute, click in the <b>Name</b> field and
enter a name.</li>
<li>To specify a type for the attribute, click in the <b>Type</b> field and
enter a type.</li>
<li>To make the attribute a key field for the entity bean, select the <b>Primary
Key</b> check box.</li>
<li>To specify a table name for the entity bean, enter a name in the <b>Table</b> field.</li>
<li importance="optional">To add more attributes, repeat procedures a to d.</li>
</ol></choice>
</choices>
</step>
<step><cmd>Click <b>Next</b>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Select the type of <b>Modifiers</b> to use for the class. Choices
are <b>Public</b>, <b>Abstract</b>, and <b>Final</b>. </cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Select the <b>Interfaces</b> you want the bean to implement:</cmd>
<info><ul>
<li>Click the <b>Add</b> button to open the Type Selection dialog box where
you can select the interface that you want to implement. </li>
<li>If you added an interface that you no longer want to implement, select
the interface in the list and click <b>Remove</b>.</li>
</ul></info></step>
<step><cmd>Select the method stubs that you want the wizard to create. Choices
include <b>main</b>, <b>Inherited abstract methods</b>, and <b>Constructors
from the superclass</b>.</cmd></step>
<step><cmd>Click <b>Finish</b>. The new bean is added to the specified EJB
project.</cmd></step>
</steps>
</taskbody>
</task>
<?Pub *0000005359?>
